Dear diary,

Another day, another near-death experience trying to make it across campus in time for Feynman Physics. Seriously, why are all the buildings so far apart? They’re practically daring us to invent teleportation just to survive the first semester.

Today’s near-death wasn’t a close encounter with a rogue undergrad wielding a drone, thankfully. It was much more insidious: the dreaded hiking boots. I thought I was being proactive, pre-breaking them in for our Geology 101 field trip next week to the San Andreas Fault. Stupid, stupid idea. Now I have a monster blister on my left heel the size of a small, angry walnut.

Seriously, I think it’s sentient. It throbs in sync with the rhythmic chanting of the physics students practicing their problem sets outside Millikan. I swear I heard it whispering, "Curse you, hiking boots! Curse you and your deceptive promises of comfort!"

I tried popping it with a sterilized needle (courtesy of the lab – hey, gotta make use of resources, right?). It just re-inflated five minutes later. It’s like a tiny, defiant balloon filled with the essence of freshman despair.

Professor Goodstein saw me limping and just gave me a knowing look. He probably gets blisters on a regular basis from traversing the geological wonders of Southern California. He just mumbled something about "the entropy of suffering" and shuffled on. Helpful.

I've resorted to slathering it in copious amounts of that fancy "blister block" stuff you can get at the student store. Hopefully, it'll be healed enough by next week. I really don't want to be *that* guy, hobbling around a fault line, complaining about his feet while everyone else is marveling at the geological significance of continental plates. That's not going to make any friends.

Ugh. Time for more problem sets. Maybe I’ll work on them lying down to keep the pressure off the evil blister. Wish me luck.

-Trevor
