Dear diary,

Okay, so Fluids homework. Ugh. Professor Hummer is officially trying to kill us all. Problem set three is due Tuesday and it involves *tensor products* again. I thought I'd escaped that hell with linear algebra! He expects us to actually *compute* things with them. Like, physically calculate stress tensors. My brain hurts.

I spent four hours in Millikan today just wrestling with this one problem involving finding the stress tensor product on a sphere subjected to uniform pressure. The sphere is probably the easiest part. It's just the tensor product that's messing me up. Everyone else seems to understand it better than me. I saw Anika from my intro Chem class practically skipping through the problem set, humming to herself! How?!

I even tried the "draw it out" method. Nope. Looks like a Pollock painting on steroids. Maybe I should just start thinking about fluids in terms of the *product* it creates: erosion, maybe even life? Okay, that's too philosophical for a Sunday night. Need to focus. Gotta remember, the cross product and dot product are special cases of the tensor product. Maybe that will unlock something.

I think I'll try breaking it down into smaller steps. First, understand the basic definition again. Then, try a simpler example. Then, attempt the sphere. Maybe I should even try and find some open-source fluid dynamics software and see if that helps me visualize the final result. That's probably cheating but at this point, I'm desperate. I wonder if Wolfram Alpha can do tensor products...

Anyway, need to eat something and then dive back in. This Fluids stuff feels less like engineering and more like some sort of ancient, arcane ritual performed in the name of academic suffering. The ultimate final product will hopefully be a passing grade.

-Trevor
